



2. Root (i.e. c:\) is not included in path names.
3. \ is NOT a part of a path name.
4. If you pass a negative index or a value greater than or equal to the number of elements, or this path has zero name elements, java.lang.IllegalArgumentException is thrown. It DOES NOT return null.

Thus, for example, If your Path is "c:\\code\\java\\PathTest.java",

p1.getRoot()  is c:\  ((For Unix based environments, the root is usually / ).
p1.getName(0)  is code
p1.getName(1)  is java
p1.getName(2)  is PathTest.java
p1.getName(3)  will cause IllegalArgumentException to be thrown.





void m(Set<CharSequence> cs), void m(Set<String> s), and void m(Set<SomeOtherClass> o) are not different method signatures at all. If you remove the type specification, they all resolve to the same signature i.e. void m(Set x).

class Test {
    void m(Set<CharSequence> cs) {}
    void m(Set<String> s) {} // Compilation error: method m(Set) is already defined
    void m(Set<SomeOtherClass> o) {} // Compilation error: method m(Set) is already defined
}



Your application is packaged in myapp.jar and depends on a jar named datalayer.jar, which in turn depends on mysql-connector-java-8.0.11.jar. The following packages exist in these jars:

myapp.jar:   com.abc.myapp
datalayer.jar: com.abc.datalayer
mysql-connector-java-8.0.11.jar:  com.mysql.jdbc

Mysql driver jar and datalayer.jar must first be converted into modular jars.
In this case, mysql-connector-java-8.0.11.jar would have to become modular first, then datalayer.jar.

In the top down approach, on the other hand, you would directly make myapp.jar modular by including a module-info and adding requires datalayer; clause. You would create an automatic module for datalayer.jar by simply placing it on module-path (instead of classpath). You would leave mysql jar on the classpath so that datalayer could access it.




correct about --jdk-internals option of jdeps tool when run on a jar file or a class file
It analyzes all classes of the given jar file for class level dependence on jdk's internal API. If any such dependence is found, it is printed with a suggestion for replacement.
It performs static analysis.




What will the following code print when compiled and run?

List<Integer> ls = Arrays.asList(1, 2, 3);
ls.stream().forEach(System.out::print)
   .map(a->a*2)
   .forEach(System.out::print);
Compilation E. => Remember that forEach is a terminal operation. It returns void. This means that you cannot chain methods after calling forEach. 




List<Double> dList = Arrays.asList(10.0, 12.0);
dList.stream().forEach(x->{ x = x+10; });
dList.stream().forEach(d->System.out.println(d));

Not change original , 
Howerver if do same to StringBuilder it will change





Which jdeps option(s) is/are used to include dependent nonmodular jar files?
Based on the given options, our guess is that in this question they are just checking whether you know that -cp, -classpath, and --class-path are equivalent options and the nonmodular jars should be put on classpath instead of module-path.





The foundational APIs of the Java SE platform are found in java.base module.
JDK is divided into a set of modules that can be combined at compile time, build time, and run time into a variety of configurations.
 These modules are categorized into two categories - java se and jdk.
 The modular JDK is divided of two kinds of modules - the standard modules and the non-standard modules.



 
 Note for Variables in Java:

    Variables (fields) in parent and child classes with the same name never override, only hide.
    Any modifier (public, protected, private, final, static) on parent or child fields will compile—no errors due to hiding.
    Hiding is resolved at compile time by reference type (e.g., Parent p = new Child() uses Parent.x).
    final: Prevents reassignment but doesn’t affect hiding.
    static: Changes access scope (class vs. instance) but doesn’t prevent hiding.
    Access modifiers (public, private, etc.): Control visibility but don’t prevent hiding.
    Unlike instance methods (which override), fields are non-polymorphic.


    LocalDate date = LocalDate.of(2024, 12, 31); // December 31, 2024
        LocalDate result = date.minusMonths(1); // Subtract 1 month
        System.out.println(result); // 2024-11-30
    }
}


TreeSet either do by comparator, or just by natural order(which uses comparable interface implicit)

