"Instead of": Means "as an alternative," not "must replace."



If a sealed class C is associated with a named module, then every class specified in the permits clause of C's declaration must be associated with the same module as C, or a compile-time error occurs.
else they shoudl belong to same package






When a class, whose members should be accessible only to members of that class, is coded such a way that its members are accessible to other classes as well, this is called ...weak encapsulation

'



Cohesion in     OOP: How well a class’s methods and fields focus on a single, clear purpose.

    High Cohesion: Class does one job well (e.g., BankAccount only manages balance).
    Low Cohesion: Class has unrelated tasks (e.g., User does database, UI, email).



1 + 5 < 3 + 7 is evaluated as (1 + 5) < (3 + 7) i.e. 6<10,

If you have an expression,  2 + (2 >= 2) + 3, it would be tempting to answer 2true3, but actually, it would not compile because it would resolve to 2 + true + 3 





It is easy to identify which operations are intermediate and which are terminal. All intermediate operations return Stream (that means, they can be chained), while terminal operations don't.




in java extra ;; symbol can happen
like but with exception 

while (true) {
    break;; // Compile-time error: unreachable statement
}

if (a == b) System.out.println();; else System.out.println(); // Compile-time error


System.out.println("Hello");; // Two statements: a println and an empty statement
import java.util.Map;;;; // compile
while (cond) {};;;;




IntStream.range returns a sequential ordered IntStream from startInclusive (inclusive) to endExclusive (exclusive) by an incremental step of 1. 
. IntStream.rangeClosed returns a sequential ordered IntStream from startInclusive (inclusive) to endInclusive (inclusive) by an incremental step of 1
IntStream.concat returns a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream. Therefore, is3 contains 1, 2, 1, 2, 3.

 is3.boxed() returns a new Stream containing Integer objects instead of primitives. This allows the use various flavors of collect method available in non-primitive streams

 IntStream does have one collect method but it does not take a Collector as argument


 Collectors.groupingBy(k->k) creates a Collector that groups the elements of the stream by a key returned by the function



var keyword for local variable type inference, you cannot place array brackets ([]) directly on the left-hand side (LHS) of the assignment, next to var or the variable name.





Given that you launch your application using a class named Main, which of the following options should be used to make sure your application is able to access the classes in the third party jar?
(Assume that abc.utils.jar and your application classes are in current directory.)

java -classpath .;abc.utils.jar Main



Extract the contents of abc.utils.jar in current directory and launch Main like this:
java Main
Although this will work, it is not the recommended approach.



StringBuilder + String = String



StringBuilder insert(int dstOffset, CharSequence s, int start, int end)






class Super { static String ID = "QBANK"; }

class Sub extends Super{
   static { System.out.print("In Sub"); }
}
public class Test{
   public static void main(String[] args){
      System.out.println(Sub.ID);
   }
}

What will be the output when class Test is run?

It will print QBANK.


Exception|IOException -> NO
IOException|NoSuchFileException -> NO
Remember that java.io.IOException is a superclass of all exceptions under java.nio.file package. This combination, therefore, is invalid.
	



IOException|RuntimeException -> OK




  B b = new C();
    A a = b;    
    if (a instanceof B b1) // true
    if (a instanceof C c1) // true



