

try-catch-final should in order




class Base{
  public List<CharSequence> transform(Set<CharSequence> list){
      //valid code
  };
}

class Derived extends Base{
  *INSERT CODE HERE*
      //valid code
   }
}


ublic List<String> transform(Set<String> list){
Invalid overriding. Error message will be:
name clash: transform(Set<String>) in Derived and transform(Set<CharSequence>)
    in Base have the same erasure, yet neither overrides the other.

same this will also give error: public List<Object> transform(Set<CharSequence> list){


this is valid public ArrayList<CharSequence> transform(Set<CharSequence> list){



void m(Set<CharSequence> cs), void m(Set<String> s), and void m(Set<SomeOtherClass> o) are not different method signatures at all. If you remove the type specification, they all resolve to the same signature i.e. void m(Set x).


Hence, if you put them in the same class, the resulting class file will have two methods with the exact same signature. This is obviously a problem and so, the compiler rejects the code. If you put one of them in a superclass and another in a subclass, then from the compiler's perspective they constitute valid overloading, however, from the JVM's perspective it is an override and the JVM will not respect the compile time method binding done by the compiler based on the generic type specification. That is why Java does not allow this either. 


The exception to this rule is that the overriding method is allowed to erase the generic type specification. For example, if the overridden method has Set<Integer>, then the overriding method can use Set or Set<Integer>. But if overridden method has Set, then the overriding method must also have Set for a valid override.


exception this is valid


 class Base {
    public void m(Set<Integer> set) {}
}

class Derived extends Base {
    public void m(Set set) {} // Valid: uses raw type
    public void m(Set<Integer> set) {} // Valid: uses same generic type
}


this is not valid
class Base {
    public void m(Set set) {} // Raw type
}

class Derived extends Base {
    public void m(Set set) {} // Valid override
    public void m(Set<Integer> set) {} // Invalid: not an override or overload
}




<localTime1>.isAfter(<localTime2>);
1. The isAfter method of LocalTime returns true only if this LocalTime1 is after the passed LocalTime2. (I.e. if both are same, then it will return false)
In this case, it is not. Therefore, timeConsumed will remain 0.
2. The until method return the difference between the two time periods in given units. Here, the difference is 45 minutes but the unit is HOURS, therefore, it will return 0.




Classes and Serialization:



Only objects of classes implementing Serializable can be serialized.

If a class does not implement Serializable, its objects cannot be serialized, and attempting to do so throws a NotSerializableException.

Inheritance and Serialization:


If a subclass implements Serializable, it is serializable, even if its superclass does not.

Fields from non-serializable superclasses are not serialized. Only fields from serializable classes (the subclass and any serializable superclasses) are included in the serialized data.

Serialization Process:


When an object is serialized, only the fields of serializable classes are saved to the byte stream.

Non-serializable superclass fields are excluded from the serialized data.

Deserialization Process:


Constructors:


Constructors of serializable classes are not called during deserialization. Their fields are restored directly from the serialized data.

Constructors of non-serializable superclasses are called during deserialization to initialize their fields.

Fields from serializable classes are set to their saved values from the serialized data.

Fields from non-serializable superclasses are initialized as per their constructor or default initialization.




