

sub/super both having display method 

SuperClass sup = sub; // Upcasting: A SubClass object IS-A SuperClass object

((SuperClass) sub).display();


here subclass version will called




inner class can have same variable name is outer class




in this line
LocalDate d3 = LocalDate.now().plusYears(3).minusMonths(4);
3 object created



It is ok to add an Integer object and an int value




abstract class Calculator{
   abstract void calculate();
   public static void main(String[] args){
      System.out.println("calculating");
      Calculator x = null;
      x.calculate();
   }
}
It will print calculating and then throw NullPointerException.
After printing, when it tries to call calculate() on x, it will throw NullPointerException because x is null.





HashMap supports adding null key as well as null values but ConcurrentHashMap does not. Inserting null key or null in a ConcurrentHashMap will throw a NullPointerException.




hashcode of Integer, Byte & Short are wrapper classes



Float f = null;
f = Float.valueOf("12.3"); // 12.3, (runs)





There are two ways to invoke a stored procedure:
"{call insert_name(?,?)}"
and
"{?= call insert_name(?,?)}"

The second form is used when the stored procedure returns a result (i.e., some value). (Note that a "result" is different from a "result set".)

Even if the stored procedure did return a value, it is ok to ignore the return value.




NOTE 1: Setting parameter values by name is not possible with PreparedStatement.
NOTE 2: The order of setting the parameters is not important. You can set them in any order before executing the query. As long as your parameter index (or the parameter name) is correct, the value will be set for the correct input parameter.
NOTE 3: Although the JDBC specification explicitly mentions that the columns names of a ResultSet are case insensitive, it does not specify anything about parameters markers. For the purpose of the exam, assume that they are case insensitive as well. In the exam, you may see questions where the case of the parameter markers in the stored procedure is different from case of the parameter markers used in the Java code. Ignore this difference.
NOTE 4: You cannot mix the index and parameter markers in the same query. That is, you can either set parameters using the index or using the parameter markers but not both.





    public static void m2() throws Exception{
        try( SomeResource r ... ){
            m1();
        }
    }
Now, if m1() throws an exception and r.close() also throws an exception, the exception thrown by m1 would have been the one thrown by the method m2 and the exception thrown by r.close() would have been added to the list of suppressed exception of the exception thrown from the try block.




ChronoUnit.DAYS is valid one



  var arr = new ArrayList<>();  // valid

  
  he unicode value of any lower case letter is always 32 more than the unicode value of the same letter in upper case. So, 'a' - 'A' or 'h' - 'H' is 32.

Note that int value of ASCII 'a' is 97, while that of 'A' is 65.


