If a class that implements Serializable does not explicitly define serialVersionUID field, the compiler automatically adds this field. It assignes this field a value that is computed based on the attributes of the class such as the fields and the implemented interfaces.

It is possible to determine this value by various means. For example, by using the serializer tool provided by the JDK: serializer MyClass
Or by using ObjectInputStream.readClassDescriptor() method.

Once you get this number, you can assign the same number to serialVersionUID in your updated cl




Remember that a module cannot access non-modular classes from the classpath. You must convert non-modular third party jar to an automatic module by putting that jar on module-path. (You must have already added an appropriate requires clause in your module-info while compilation of your module).

Other options of the command remain the same i.e. --module-path (or -p) for specifying the location of module jars and --module (or -m) for specifying the module and class that you want to run.



Since the code is run in the background, no console is available to it. Therefore, System.console() will return null and thus, readLine() will throw a NullPointerException.





calling interrupt() will cause an InterruptedException ONLY if the thread on which interrupt() is called is blocked on an invocation of the wait, join, or sleep, methods of this class.




 java.text.NumberFormat extends from java.text.Format . The return type of the method getCurrencyInstance() is NumberFormat.




 NumberFormat formatter =  DecimalFormat.getCurrencyInstance(jp);
getCurrencyInstance is actually defined in NumberFormat. However, since DecimalFormat extends NumberFormat, this is valid.

1. DecimalFormat has no constructor that takes a Locale.
 2. Creating an object using new as done in this option means you are not using a factory. Remember, using a factory to get an object, usually means calling getInstance() or getXXXInstance() method on a Factory class such as NumberFormat or DateFormat.




 Files.readAllLines(Paths.get(INPUT_FILE)) return List<String>

 




int x = 2;   //bit pattern of 2 is : 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000010
int y = ~x; //bit pattern of ~2 is : 11111111 11111111 11111111 11111101, which is same as -3.
System.out.println(x+", "+y); //prints 2, -3

Observe that the bits of the number produced by doing ~x are opposite of the bits in the original int value. The original variable x is unchanged. The trick to find out the result of applying the ~ operator is to just multiply the input with -1 and subtract 1. For example, ~8 will be 8*-1 - 1 i.e. -9. Similarly, ~-9 will be -9*-1 - 1 i.e. 8.

If you want to know more, just read about 2's complement method of representing negative integers.


^ is bitwise xor operator that performs an "xor" (aka exclusive or, in which, the result is 1 only if exactly one of the two operands is 1).

For example:

int x = 2;   //bit pattern of 2 is : 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000010
int y = ~x; //bit pattern of ~2 is : 11111111 11111111 11111111 11111101, which is same as -3.
int z = x ^ y;  //bit pattern is   : 11111111 11111111 11111111 11111111, which is same as -1.

System.out.println(z); //prints -1




If there is no provider method in the service provider class, then it must have a public no-args constructor.


If there is no provider method in the service provider class, then it must have a public no-args constructor in sub type    




The Collector created by Collectors.toMap throws java.lang.IllegalStateException if an attempt is made to store a key that already exists in the Map.
If you want to collect items in a Map and if you expect duplicate entries in the source, you should use Collectors.toMap(Function, Function, BinaryOperator) method. The third parameter is used to merge the duplicate entries to produce one entry. For example, in this case, you can do:
Collectors.toMap(b->b.getTitle(), b->b.getPrice(), (v1, v2)->v1



For Collections.sort(List ) method to work, the elements of the passed List must implement Comparable interface,otherwise CCE (class cast excpetion) its compile time E



module book{
   requires org.pdf;
   uses org.pdf.Print;
}
    The module that defines Print service must be present on --module-path for book module to execute.
    A module that defines Print service may be added later without requiring book module to recompile.
    An implementation of org.pdf.Print can be added to the book module.




BiFunction<int, int, int> fails because Java Generics do not support primitive types. 



in n