    ps.setObject(1, 1, JDBCType.INTEGER);
    ps.setObject(2, "Ally A", JDBCType.VARCHAR);
    ps.setObject(3, "101 main str", JDBCType.VARCHAR);
    System.out.println(ps.executeUpdate()); //1
    ps.setObject(1, 2, JDBCType.INTEGER);
    ps.setObject(2, "Bob B", JDBCType.VARCHAR);
    System.out.println(ps.executeUpdate()); //2

here 2nd time the value will same as 1st , 101 main str




Remember that jdeps needs the path to the file that you want to inspect. moduleA\test.A is not the path to the file A.class.
out\moduleA\test\A.class or c:\test\java\out\modulepercent.setMaximumFractionDigits(2);
BigDecimal p = BigDecimal.valueOf((Double) currency.parse("£1.70")); B.jar are the kind of paths that can be used for jdeps tool.
	

Stream.parallel() / parallelStream()

    Purpose: Enables the stream pipeline to execute concurrently.

    Execution Model: The JVM (typically via ForkJoinPool.commonPool()) can split the source data into multiple segments. Operations on these segments are performed in parallel, and results are finally combined.

    Non-Deterministic Order: The order in which elements are processed by different threads is not guaranteed. Do not rely on sequential order for side effects unless specific synchronization is used (which defeats much of the purpose of parallel streams).



runnable can passed as argument creating Thread , callable cant






public class DataObjectWrapper
{
   private final Object obj;

   public DataObjectWrapper(Object pObj){ obj = pObj; }

   public Object getObject() { return obj; }
}


this class object are thread safe as doing nothing , but objects in this class are not thread safe

1percent.setMaximumFractionDigits(2);
BigDecimal p = BigDecimal.valueOf((Double) currency.parse("£1.70")); 
4,
5,
6,



LocalDate ld2 = ld.plus(Period.ofMonths(1).ofDays(1));
it will increase of only 1 day

public static Period of(int years, int months, int days)

LocalDate ld2 = ld.plus(Period.of(0, 1, 1));




PreparedStatement does not have setObject(String parameterName, Object x, int targetSqlType) method, CallableStatement does have it


Also note that the third argument can be an int value (the ones defined in java.sql.Types) or a java.sql.JDBCType enum value (such as JDBCType.VARCHAR) because setObject is overloaded to accept either one.




in modular still system have jar hell ,but It improves security and maintainability.




 String String = "";   //This is valid.

 String is not keyword



 If you want to output any characters as they are, then they must be enclosed within single quotes in ofPattern  like 
 "eeee d"+"st day of" not this but this -> "eeee d'st day of'"

 {eee} {d}st day of



  jdeps --list-deps moduleA.jar
    It will list all the modules on which moduleA depends.
    It will show an error if moduleA requires any other application module.




interface Pow{
    static void wow(){
        System.out.println("In Pow.wow");    
    }
}

abstract class Wow{
   
   static void wow(){  // LINE 9
       System.out.println("In Wow.wow");    
  }    
}

public class Powwow extends Wow implements Pow {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Powwow f = new Powwow();
        f.wow();
    }
}
it will print In Wow.wow