Penguin.properties
    name=Billy
    age=1
Penguin_de.properties
    name=Chilly
    age=4
Penguin_en.properties
    name=Willy
    Locale fr = new Locale("fr");
    Locale.setDefault(new Locale("en", "US"));
    var b = ResourceBundle.getBundle("Penguin", fr);
    System.out.println(b.getString("name"));
    System.out.println(b.getString("age"));

Willy and 1

ava uses the most specific available resource bundle, falling back to the default locale and then the base file if needed.


What is guaranteed to be printed by the following code? (Choose all that apply.)
int[] array = {6,9,8};
System.out.println("B" + Arrays.binarySearch(array,9));
System.out.println("C" + Arrays.compare(array,
new int[] {6, 9, 8}));
System.out.println("M" + Arrays.mismatch(array,
new int[] {6, 9, 8}));

C0
M-1
The array is allowed to use an anonymous initializer because it is in the same line as
the declaration. The results of the binary search are undefined since the array is not sorted.
It s correct because the compare() method returns 0 when the arrays are the same length and have the same elements. Option E is correct because the mismatch() method returns a - 1 when the arrays are equivalen



_
===============

 long goat = (int)2;
 goat - = 1.0;
 System.out.print(goat);

compound assignment operators (like +=, -=, *=, etc.) automatically perform an implicit type cast back to the variable's original type after the arithmetic operation
long - double → double - double -> long

===============

short zebra = (byte) weight * (byte) height;

error, as both convert to int in multiplication

===============
===============


A. var spring = null;
B. var fall = "leaves";
C. var evening = 2; evening = null;
D. var night = Integer.valueOf(3);
E. var day = 1/0;
F. var winter = 12, cold;
G. var fall = 2, autumn = 2;
H. var morning = ""; morning = null;

B, D, E, H are correct
A var cannot be initialized with a null value without a type, but it can be assigned a null value later if the underlying type is not a primitive. For these reasons, option H is correct, but options A and C are incorrect. Options B and D are correct as the underlying types are String and Integer, respectively. Option E is correct as this is a valid numeric expression. You might know that dividing by zero produces a runtime exception, but the question was only about whether the code compiled. Finally, options F and G are incorrect as var cannot be used in a multiple-­variable assignment.


========

printReptile(6)?
void printReptile(int category) {
var type = switch(category) {
    case 1,2 -­> "Snake";
    case 3,4 -­> "Lizard";
    case 5,6 -­> "Turtle";
    case 7,8 -­> "Alligator"; };
System.out.print(type); }

it will fail to compile because this code doesnt contain for all case,, (it can have default)

=====================

for (var a : myFavoriteNumbers) {
    System.out.print(a + ", ");
    break;
}
for (int b : myFavoriteNumbers) {
    continue;
    System.out.print(b + ", ");
}
Error as last line is unreachable

=====
for(int i=0, int j=3; i<weather.length; ++i) => error, int i = 3, j =3 ,,true

===
case 'B': 'C': System.out.print("great ");

ce bcz there should comma, or case before `C`


