

System.out
An important feature of the stream referred to by System.out is that it never throws IOException when data is written to it
Unlike other output streams, a PrintStream never throws an IOException; ; instead, exceptional situations merely set an internal flag that can be tested via the checkError method. 

All characters printed by a System.out are converted into bytes using the given encoding or charset, or platform's default character encoding if not specifi

we can close itby You can close it by calling System.out.close();.




navgiableMap extend Map, & sortedMap



TreeMap is a class that implements NavigableMap interface





Methods subMap(K, K), headMap(K), and tailMap(K) are specified to return SortedMap to allow existing implementations of SortedMap to be compatibly retrofitted to implement NavigableMap, but extensions and implementations of this interface are encouraged to override these methods to return NavigableMap. Similarly, SortedMap.keySet() can be overridden to return NavigableSet.





When a JDBC Connection is created, it is in auto-commit mode.

Since it is enabled by default, you have to explicitly disable it after creating a connection by calling con.setAutoCommit(false);



The overriding method may opt not to declare any throws clause even if the original method has a throws clause.





The parameter list of an overriding method must be a subset of the parameter list of the method that it is overriding. -> FALSE






It must have a default label. => FALSE
A default label is not mandatory in a switch statement.

A default label is required in a switch expression only if all possible values of the switch variable are not covered by the case statements. For example:

int x = getSomeInt();
char ch = switch(x){
    case 1, 2, 3 -> 'A';
    default -> 'B';  // this default is necessary
    //because all values of x are not covered by the case statements
};

If your switch selector expression returns an enum, then you can specify all the values of that enum in the case labels. In this case, the default label will not be required.



Irrespective of the syntax used to write them:
   - all switch expressions must return a value
   - no switch statement can return a value.



It is possible to use a break statement in a case block in arrow switch;
Although redundant, it is valid to use a break statement inside a case block but not after a case expression. For example:
switch(x){
    case 2 -> {
         System.out.print("A");
         break; //redundant but allowed
      }
    case 3 -> System.out.print("B");
              //break; //break not allowed here
    default -> System.out.print("C"); //default is not necessary in a switch statement
}





ScheduledExecutorService -> You want to execute your tasks after a given delay.



Java's Exception mechanism helps in which of the following ways?
    It allows creation of new exceptions that are custom to a particular application domain.
    It improves code because error handling code is clearly separated from the main program logic.


    It enhances the security of the application by reporting errors in the logs. => FALSE

    Exception handling as such has nothing to do with the security

    It improves the code because the exception is handled right at the place where it occured. => false

    It provides a vast set of standard exceptions that covers all possible exceptions. => fals

    Although it does provide a vast set of standard exceptions, they cannot cover all scenarios. But you can always create new exceptions tailored for your application.





(parameter list) OR single_variable_without_type
    -> { regular lines of code } OR just_an_expression_without_semicolon












