try (BufferedReader br = new BufferedReader(new FileReader("file.txt"))) { // This is a try-with-resources block
    String line;
    while ((line = br.readLine()) != null) {
        System.out.println(line);
    }
} catch (IOException e) {
    e.printStackTrace();
}




try { // This is a regular try block
    int result = 10 / 0; // Code that might throw an exception
} catch (ArithmeticException e) {
    e.printStackTrace();
}




CREATE_NEW is not a valid field in StandardCopyOption. Only the following three are valid:

COPY_ATTRIBUTES: Copy attributes to the new file.
REPLACE_EXISTING: Replace an existing file if it exists.


ATOMIC_MOVE: Move the file as an atomic file system operation.

 code should throw an exception because <file> already exists in the target directory.


The existing file could be replaced or an IOException could be thrown

Files.delete(<path>) will throw java.nio.file.NoSuchFileException.



If the Path points to a symbolic link and the target of the symbolic link does not exist, a NoSuchFileException may be thrown. This behavior depends on the operating system and file system.




try(FileChannel in = new FileInputStream(s).getChannel();
     FileChannel out = new FileOutputStream(d).getChannel()){
       in.transferTo(0, in.size(), out);
}catch(Exception e){
}
This code is actually valid but it will only copy the file contents. It will not move the file.
Note that FileChannel is not on the exam but some candidates have reported seeing an option like this.



try{
      Files.move(Paths.get(s), Paths.get(d));
By default, Files.move attempts to move the file to the target file, failing if the target file exists except if the source and target are the same file, in which case this method has no effect.

Therefore, this is a valid method call but it will throw an exception if the file already exists at the destinati





++ or -- is risky code



In order for a program to load a resource bundle, the resource bundle properties file must be in the CLASSPATH.

The JVM attempts to find a "resource" with this name using ClassLoader.getResource. (Note that a "resource" in the sense of getResource has nothing to do with the contents of a resource bundle, it is just a container of data, such as a file.) If it finds a "resource", it attempts to create a new PropertyResourceBundle instance from its contents. If successful, this instance becomes the result resource bundle. 


in resource bundle  in key
first non-white space character and up to, but not including, the first unescaped '=', ':', or white space character other than a line terminator.

\:\=

 Any white space after the key is skipped; if the first non-white space character after the key is '=' or ':', then it is ignored and any white space characters after it are also skipped. All remaining characters on the line become part of the associated element string; if there are no remaining characters, the element is the empty string "". Once the raw character sequences constituting the key and element are identified, escape processing is performed as described above.

  "Truth" and the associated element value "Beauty":

Truth = Beauty
  Truth:Beauty
Truth                    :Beauty


following three lines specify a single property:
fruits                           apple, banana, pear, \
                                  cantaloupe, watermelon, \
                                  kiwi, mango


Comments in a properties file start with a # or !.





Collectors.counting() is a static method in the java.util.stream.Collectors class used to create a Collector that counts the number of elements in a stream. It’s a convenient way to perform a counting operation on a stream of data



PreparedStatement offers protection against SQL injection attacks.




Resources are closed automatically at the end of the try block in reverse order of their creation. (even in try)
Also they closed even without try




even if exception thrown at catch, and there is final , then it executes final then execption occur    



want to use a third party JDBC driver for a database. Which of the following actions must you take to retrieve a Connection using that driver in your JDBC program?
Answered Incorrectly
	
Put the driver jar in the class path (or module path).

Retrieve a connection using DriverManager.getConnection.



return new ArrayList<? extends Number>();NO we cant do like this
Must use a type without bounds while instantiating.




filter(), map(),  sorted() , peek() are intermidate
forEach() , collect() terminal

terminal must end in stream, other wise no output

 movies.stream()
                .filter(mov->mov.getRating()=='R')
                .peek(mov->System.out.println(mov.getName()))
                .map(mov->mov.getName());


like here peek should come in end,  but no its not, so it will give no output


