
public class TestClass{
  static String str = """
                      Hello World""";
  public static void changeIt(String s){
    s = "Good bye world";
  }
  public static void main(String[] args){
    changeIt(str);
    System.out.println(str);
  }
}

Here it immutable so nothing will change, and in mutable it will not change if directly new object will happen,, if change same object it will happen




in stream .average() will return OptionalDouble so we cant assign to double     .orElse(0.0); like this 

if no element it will empty (not null or 0)



List<?> list = new ArrayList<>(Arrays.asList(names)



The diamond operator i.e. <> is always used on the right hand side of = sign




Which of the following statements would you need to have in the module-info of a Java Swing based desktop application?


requires java.desktop;


It is true that Swing classes are a part of Java SE but they are not part of the java.base module. Only the classes that belong to java.base are accessible to other classes without an explicit requires clause.

Swing classes (as well as AWT classes) belong to the javax.swing package, which belongs to the java.desktop module. Therefore, a modular application that uses Swing classes must have requires java.desktop; clause in its module-info.



things before exception , got executed, 







.remove()
remove last inserted (front side)


pollFirst()/pollLast() - poll is a Queue method. Therefore pollFirst and pollLast will remove elements from the front and from the end respectively.
removeFirst()/removeLast() - These are Deque specific methods. They will remove elements from the front and from the end respectively. These methods differ from pollFirst/pollLast only in that they throw an exception if this deque is empty.

offerFirst(e)/offerLast(e) - offer is a Queue method. Therefore offerFirst and offerLast will add elements to the front and to the end respectively.
addFirst(e)/addLast(e) - add is a Queue method. Therefore addFirst and addLast will add elements to the front and to the end respectively.

peek(), peekFirst(): return the first element from the front of the queue but does not remove it from the queue.
peekLast() : returns the last element from the end of the queue but does not remove it from the queue.
element(): retrieves, but does not remove, the head of the queue represented by this deque (in other words, the first element of this deque). This method differs from peek only in that it throws an exception if this deque is empty.

Notice that there is no pushFirst(e) and pushLast(e).


ultiple methods for the same thing such as offer(e) and add(e). Well, they are not exactly same. add(e) throws an exception if the element cannot be added to the queue because of lack of capacity, while offer(e) does no                                                           

	
	
 
A virtual call means that the call is bound to a method at run time and not at compile time



Modules allow service implementations to be hooked up with service users through dependency injection => False
 Java modules do allow a service consumer to find a service implementation, however, it is not done using dependecy injection. A service consumer has to loop through each available service implementation and pick the one it needs.



Modular JDK is helpful in improving performance of an application.




ist<Book> books = //code to create the list goes here

Comparator<Book> c1 =  (b1, b2)->b1.getGenre().compareTo(b2.getGenre()); //1
books.stream().sorted(c1.thenComparing(Book::getTitle)); //2
System.out.println(books);

Identify the correct statements.

1. Manipulating a stream doesn't manipulate the backing source of the stream. Here, when you chain the sorted method to a stream, it returns a reference to a Stream that appears sorted. The original List which was used to create the stream will remain as it is.

If you want to sort a List permanently, you should use one of the Collections.sort methods.

2. There is another issue with this code. Stream.sorted is an intermediate operation. It will not be executed until a terminal operation is invoked on the stream. Therefore, in this case, the sorted method will not even be invoked



NoSuchElementException comes in optional (RE)
