Catch and finally blocks are executed after the resource opened in try-with-resources is closed. Therefore, Device Closed will be printed before Got Exception.




sublist -> doesnt change original list




You are given two modules named enthu.training and  enthu.course packaged in training.jar and course.jar. The training module depends on the course module. You want to run a class named com.enthu.training.StartGUI contained in enthu.training module.


java --module-path training.jar;course.jar --module enthu.training/com.enthu.training.StartGUI





void test(byte x){
   switch(x){
      case 'a':   // 1 // it will run
      case 256:   // 2 // it wont will run 
      case 0:     // 3
      default :   // 4
      case 80:    // 5
   }
}





Complete the following code by filling the two blanks -
class XXX{
    public void m() throws Exception{
        throw new Exception();
    }
}
class YYY extends XXX{
    public void m(){ }
    
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        ________  obj = new ______();
        obj.m();
    }
}
here only YYY YYY is valid option
as in XXX YYY we using YYY method but still we need to wrap in try catch   



case scope is shared from different case/default below it




When you try to read an object from an ObjectInputStream using ObjectInputStream's readObject method, it will check whether the class that is being read implements readObject method. If it does, then that class's readObject method will be invoked. The class can have custom deserialization logic in this method.

In the given code, the readObject method invokes stream.defaultReadObject(), which reads whatever state was present in the input stream into this Data object. Next, it set the ld object to a particular date.




even in array[] we can do assignment to its sub class
but for opposite we need cast



jmod -> create, list, extract, describe  (not delete or not add)



An interface can redeclare a default method and also make it abstract.

Note that if a class then implements the subinterface, it will not inherit the default method from the super interface (because it has been redeclared as abstract by the subinterface).


An interface can redeclare a default method and provide a different implementation.





Although an interface can have private methods, you still cannot override a public method with a private method. Here, getId is public in Book and so, it cannot be overridden by a private method in Encyclopedia.




null+<primitive_type> => CE





requires keyword -> Any module that requires the <current_module> module can use the <transitive> module without requiring it.




error will come in both in document and book

dentify correct statements about the following code:

interface Readable{ }

sealed class Document implements Readable permits Book{ }

non-sealed class Book implements Readable { }



get() in arrayList gives runTime error




adding intger to string array will give error



