
<atmoic_no>.getAndIncrement()
<atmoic_no>.incrementAndGet()
<atmoic_no>.addAndGet(1);
<atmoic_no>.getAndAdd(1);



!^ is invalid   and ^!  is valid



{exp1}^! {exp2}




Instant, Duration, LocalDate, LocalTime, LocalDateTime, ZonedDateTime, and others, are designed to be immutable and thread-safe.




java.io.RandomAccessFile extends java.lang.Object  (Notice that it does not extend InputStream or OutputStream classes).
All Implemented Interfaces: Closeable, DataInput, DataOutput, AutoCloseable


It is generally true of all the reading routines in this class that if end-of-file is reached before the desired number of bytes has been read, an EOFException (which is a kind of IOException) is thrown. If any byte cannot be read for any reason other than end-of-file, an IOException other than EOFException is thrown. In particular, an IOException may be thrown if the stream has been closed.



RandomAccessFile raf = new RandomAccessFile("file.txt", "rw");
raf.seek( raf.length() );
raf.writeChars("FINAL TEXT");


the valid modes for RandomAccessFile in 

    "r": Read-only.
    "rw": Read-write (most common for appending or modifying).
    "rws": Read-write with synchronous data and metadata writes.
    "rwd": Read-write with synchronous data writes only.

also we also have methods raf.writeUTF("<string>");
or raf.readUTF();







Collection.sort(---, null); -> means natural ordering , 



Path, 
/ -> .getRoot() true
/temp/..  -> p.startsWith(Paths.get("temp")) 
temp...  -> p.startsWith(Paths.get("temp"))





in switch case 

char m;
m can hold all the case values.



module-info.java must not be empty
and it is compiled into module-info.class by the compiler.




public static int compare(int[] a, int[] b) - Compares two int arrays lexicographically. 
 A null array reference is considered lexicographically less than a non-null array reference. Two null array  preferences are considered equal.
public static int mismatch(int[] a, int[] b)
Finds and returns the index of the first mismatch between two int arrays, otherwise return -1 if no mismatch is found. The index will be in the range of 0 (inclusive) up to the length (inclusive) of the smaller arra


It returns 0 if the first and second array are equal and contain the same elements in the same order; a value less than 0 if the first array is lexicographically less than the second array; and a value greater than 0 if the first array is lexicographically greater than the second array.




 If second aray proper prefix of the first array, compare() will return a positive number and the number will be the same as the difference in the number of elements in both the arrays



    there is no such module as java.util. The java.util package belongs to the java.base module



java.desktop module (because of the usage of java.awt.Label class).
  Both the modules are a part of the standard Java SE platform. 




  javac TestClass.java
jdeps -summary TestClass.class



TestClass.class -> java.base
TestClass.class -> ...
TestClass.class -> ...











