


c:\\..\\temp\\

in it refer to arent direcotry so its redundant & equivalent to c:\\temp\\


String comparisons should never be done using == or != operators



in jdeps we must keep non modular to class path
(its optiion we can keep modular also in class path) also we cant do 


jdeps --module-path lib\a.jar; -classpath lib\b.jar    -> invalid



jdeps --class-path lib\a.jar; lib\b.jar  -> valid


jdeps --module-path  can happen in certain cases


Stream stream is valid but on doing must do exlicigt type casting





DateTimeFormatter.LOCAL_DATE_TIME'''''



LOCAL_DATE_TIME, is not valid.  


for LocalDate, LocalTime, LocalDateTime, Period, and Instant, printing them directly using System.out.println and calling their toString() method produces the same output.



In Java, when a lambda expression invokes a method that returns a value (e.g., int), but the functional interface (like Runnable) expects a void return type, the return value is ignored. This is allowed by the Java compiler.

so this is valid


Runnable r = ()-> someMethod();
    static int someMethod(){ return 100; }


    Runnable r = ()->System.out.println("Hello");


and this is invalid Runnable r = () -> System.out::println();

because this mean 

 Runnable r = (o) -> System.out.println(o);



 java.nio.file.NoSuchFileException: test.txt  comes in when a BufferedReader to read the file specified by the Path object (means path read given not found)




java.io.FileNotFoundException may be thrown by FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, and RandomAccessFile constructors if the file by the given name does not exist.\



and class can have  public int main(String[] args) is valid (its not standard main)



<path>.getNameCount(); Returns (int) number of name elements in a Path. 
An empty path or root-only path (e.g., C:\ or /) returns 0

("C:\\temp\\.\\..\\file.txt"); // 4
("temp\\.\\..\\file.txt"); // 4



assuming that today is Friday, 19th Jun 2020:
System.out.println(LocalDate.now().with(MONDAY)); //prints 2020-06-15
System.out.println(LocalDate.now().with(SUNDAY)); //prints 2020-06-21


e method named getDayOfWeek(), which returns a DayOfWeek enum value representing the day of the week. 



Throwable is almost never used directly.
 Error is used for a serious system errors from which there can be no recovery
usually no need for creating your own RuntimeException because Java API provides several subclasses of RuntimeException suitable for various situations.



System.getProperties().entrySet() return HashTable;
now itr have in this .getKey(), .getValue()