1. BufferedWriter's append method = works same as the write(String) method. It doesn't really append the data to the end of the existing content. It overwrites the existing content.
2. The flush method flushes the stream and makes sure any data that is in the stream but is not written to the file yet, is written to the file. It does not close the stream. A call to flush is useful when you want to write the contents to the file but don't want to close the writer yet.
3. The close method flushes the stream and makes sure that all data is actually written to the file. 





char[] line = c.readPassword("Please enter your pwd:"); //2
        System.out.println("Pwd is "+new String(line));



Consumer x = (String msg)->{ System.out.println(msg); };  // invalid
Consumer<String> x = (String msg)->{ System.out.println(msg); };  // valid



Optional is tested using Optional's isEmpty() method. For example, bk.isEmpty() and not by doing bk.get() == null, infact doing this will no element gives NoSuchElementException




ResultSet.TYPE_SCROLL_INSENSITIVE:

    ResultSet Type: Specifies the scrolling behavior of the ResultSet.
    TYPE_SCROLL_INSENSITIVE: The ResultSet is scrollable (can move forward and backward) and is insensitive to changes made by others to the database after the ResultSet is created.
    Other options (for reference):
        TYPE_FORWARD_ONLY: Default, allows only forward movement (next()).
        TYPE_SCROLL_SENSITIVE: Scrollable and sensitive to database changes.


ResultSet.CONCUR_UPDATABLE:

    ResultSet Concurrency: Specifies whether the ResultSet can be updated.
    CONCUR_UPDATABLE: The ResultSet can be used to update database rows (e.g., using updateString(), updateInt(), and updateRow() methods).
    Other option: CONCUR_READ_ONLY (default, read-only ResultSet).

Scroll forward/backward (e.g., using previous(), first(), last()).



con.createStatement(ResultSet.TYPE_SCROLL_INSENSITIVE,
            ResultSet.CONCUR_UPDATABLE);

howerver this will not effect even after as it exeuction ,may select query is being executed after the insert query using the same connection object. 


	
	
 
Every non-static inner class object has a reference to its outer class object which can be accessed by doing OuterClass.this.




Files.copy method will copy the file test1.txt into test2.txt. If test2.txt doesn't exist, it will be created. 


public static Path copy(Path source, Path target, CopyOption... options)
By default, the copy fails if the target file already exists or is a symbolic link, except if the source and target are the same file, in which case the method completes without copying the file. File attributes are not required to be copied to the target file. If symbolic links are supported, and the file is a symbolic link, then the final target of the link is copied. If the file is a directory then it creates an empty directory in the target location (entries in the directory are not copied). 



e options parameter may include any of the following:

REPLACE_EXISTING     If the target file exists, then the target file is replaced if it is not a non-empty directory. If the target file exists and is a symbolic link, then the symbolic link itself, not the target of the link, is replaced.

COPY_ATTRIBUTES     Attempts to copy the file attributes associated with this file to the target file. The exact file attributes that are copied is platform and file system dependent and therefore unspecified. Minimally, the last-modified-time is copied to the target file if supported by both the source and target file store. Copying of file timestamps may result in precision loss.

NOFOLLOW_LINKS     Symbolic links are not followed. If the file is a symbolic link, then the symbolic link itself, not the target of the link, is copied. It is implementation specific if file attributes can be copied to the new link. In other words, the COPY_ATTRIBUTES option may be ignored when copying a symbolic link.
An implementation of this interface may support additional implementation specific options.

Copying a file is not an atomic operation. If an IOException is thrown then it possible that the target file is incomplete or some of its file attributes have not been copied from the source file. When the REPLACE_EXISTING option is specified and the target file exists, then the target file is replaced. The check for the existence of the file and the creation of the new file may not be atomic with respect to other file system activities.


Although no relevant to this question, remember that Files.isSameFile method to doesn't check the contents of the file. It is meant to check if the two path objects resolve to the same file or not. Therefore, in this case, if you try to do Files.isSameFile(p1, p2), it will return false.




From a ReadWriteLock, you can get one read lock (by calling lock.readLock() ) and one write lock (by calling lock.writeLock() ). Even if you call these methods multiple times, the same lock is returned. A read lock can be locked by multiple threads simultaneously (by calling lock.readLock().lock() ), if the write lock is free. If the write lock is not free, a read lock cannot be locked. The write lock can be locked (by calling lock.writeLock().lock() ) only by only one thread and only when no thread already has a read lock or the write lock. In other words, if one thread is reading, other threads can read, but no thread can write. If one thread is writing, no other thread can read or write.

Methods that do not modify the collection (i.e. the threads that just "read" a collection) should acquire a read lock and threads that modify a collection should acquire a write lock.

The benefit of this approach is that multiple reader threads can run without blocking if the write lock is free. This increases performance for read only operations. The following is the complete code that you should try to run: 


ReadWriteLock interface does not have lock and unlock methods. It has only two methods - readLock and writeLock. Neither one takes any argument.




unlock(): Releases the lock (must be in finally block).(for all locks)



tryLock in if , then if else



Class c = Class.forName("test.MyClass"); //may throw ClassNotFoundException
java.lang.reflect.Field f = c.getField("someField"); //may throw NoSuchFieldException
classNotFoundException & NoSuchFileException gives CE