
no method like
Arrays.search(..)
Arrays.linearSearch(..) exist





  Object t = Integer.valueOf(107);
   int k = (Integer) t.intValue()/9; // error happens  because . has more precedence than cast operator
   System.out.println(k);

   as t is object 




1. --module-source-path: This option is used to specify the location of the module source files. It should point to the parent directory of the directory where module-info.java of the module is stored. For example, if your module name is moduleA, then the module-info.java for this module would be in moduleA directory and if moduleA directory exists in src directory, then --module-source-path should contain the src directory i.e. --module-source-path src


If moduleA depends on another module named moduleB, and if moduleB directory exists in src2 directory, you can add this directory in --module-source-path as well i.e. --module-source-path src;src2. javac will compile the required files of src2 as well if the source code of moduleB is organized under src2 correctly.


 -d: This option is required when you use the --module-source-path option. It is used to specify the output directory. This is the directory where javac will generate the module's package driven directory structure and the class files for the sources. For example, if you specify out as the output directory, javac will create a directory under out with the same name as the name of the module and will create class files with appropriate package driven directory structure under that directory.



class A{
   A() {  print();   }
   void print() { System.out.print("A "); }
}
class B extends A{
   int i =   4;
   public static void main(String[] args){
      A a = new B();
      a.print();
   }
   void print() { System.out.print(i+" "); }
}
this program shows amazing feature of java



given options if put at //1 will compile without any error?


public class TestClass
{
   public class A{   }
   public static class B{}
   public void useClasses(){
      //1
   }
  }

all are valid in place of 1
new TestClass().new A();
new TestClass.B();
new A();
new TestClass.A();



Future<?> returned by runnable, submit



Remember that the parse() method of DateFormat and NumberFormat throws java.text.ParseException. So, it must either be declared in the throws clause of the main() method or the call to parse() must be wrapped in a try/catch block.




reduction method like collect, count




in multiple extend/implement in variable ambiguity we should'nt call directly, we should do with <className>.<variable>



overriding in interfaces
   default possible, like below will compile

interface House{
  public default String getAddress(){
     return "101 Main Str";
  }
}

interface Bungalow extends House{
  public default String getAddress(){
     return "101 Smart Str";
  }
}

class MyHouse implements Bungalow, House{

}

public class TestClass {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    House ci = new MyHouse();  //1
    System.out.println(ci.getAddress()); //2
  }
}


System.out.println((char)a1+(char)b1); // like aq, b1 can int
+ operator performs a string operation only when one or both its operands is/are strings. Otherwise, it performs mathematical addition.