

Hierarchy 1 : A<S> <<< A<? extends S> <<< A<? extends T>
Example: Since Integer is a subtype of Number, List<Integer> is a subtype of List<? extends Integer> and List<? extends Integer> is a subtype of List<? extends Number>.
Thus, if an overridden method returns List<? extends Integer>, the overriding method can return List<Integer> but not List<Number> or List<? extends Number>.


Hierarchy 2 : A<T> <<< A<? super T> <<< A<? super S>
Example: List<Number> is a subtype of List<? super Number> and List<? super Number> is a subtype of List<? super Integer>
Thus, if an overridden method returns List<? super Number>, the overriding method can return List<Number> but not List<Integer> or List<? super Integer>.




It is important to understand that List<Integer> is not a subtype of List<Number> even though Integer is a subtype of Number. 





 Remember that methods of the java.lang.Object class do not count towards the number of abstract methods of an interface. So, for example, the following is still a valid functional interface even though it has three abstract method declarations:

@FunctionalInterface
public interface FI{
   int m1(); //valid abstract method
   boolean equals(Object o); //valid declaration
   //but does not count towards the number of abstract methods

   String toString(); //valid declaration
   //but does not count towards the number of abstract methods
}



add(e) is a queue method that adds the element to the end while push() is a stack method that adds the element to the front. Therefore, the contents of d change as follows:
1




reassign not allowled even not with for loop and local variable




FileOutputStream  when write it write completely  new even in already existed file


HashSet<String> cannot be converted to Collection<T>.




Integer & Long different object it never bound to each other



ava.util.List and java.util.Set have of and copyOf static factory methods that provide a convenient way to create unmodifiable lists/sets.

The of methods accept either an array or multiple individual parameters. If you pass it a collection, it will be treated as a regular object i.e. it will return a list/set containing the same collection object instead of returning a list/set containing the objects that the passed collection contains.

The copyOf, on the other hand, accepts only a Collection. It iterates through the passed collection and adds all the elements of that collection in the returned list/set.

Here are a few important points about these methods:

    They return unmodifiable copies of the original List/Set. Thus, any operation that tries to modify the returned list throws an java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException.
    The list/set returned by the copyOf methods is completely independent of the original collection. Thus, if you modify the original collection after passing it to copyOf method, those changes will not be reflected in the list returned by the copyOf method.
    They do not support null elements. Thus, if your array contains a null and if you try to create a List using List.Of, it will throw a NullPointerException.


Collections.unmodifiableXXX methods
java.utils.Collections class also has several variations of unmodifiableXXX static methods (such as unmodifiableList(List ), unmodifiableSet(Set ), and unmodifiableMap(Map ) ). These method return an unmodifiable view of the underlying collection. The fundamental difference between Collections.unmodifiableXXX and List.of/copyOf methods is that Collections.unmodifiableList returns a view (instead of a copy) into the underlying list. Which means, if you make any changes to the underlying list after creating the view, those changes will be visible in the view. Further, Collections.unmodifiableList has no problem with nulls.

The word unmodifiable in unmodifiableXXX method name refers to the fact that you cannot modify the view using a reference to view.



java.lang.IllegalArgumentException will be thrown if one path has a root (for example, if a path starts with a // or c:) and the other does not, relativize cannot work and it will throw an IllegalArgumentException.






A Reader object just gives you a readable stream. Normally, you cannot go back in a stream to read the data that has already been read. However, some readers do allow this facility by maintaining the data in a buffer. The markSupported, mark, and reset methods help you go back and forth in the data stream if the underlying reader supports it.  They allow you to set a point in the stream by calling the mark method. This point is like a bookmark in a book. You can return back to the same point by calling the reset method. Any call to read after reset will return the data right after the bookmark.

BufferedReader does provide this facility, therefore r.markSupported() returns true.



mark(readAheadLimit):

    Sets a bookmark at the current position in the stream.

    readAheadLimit: Specifies the maximum number of characters that can be read after the mark is set before the mark becomes invalid (i.e., reset() might fail). This is a buffer size.

reset():

    Returns the stream to the position where mark() was most recently called.

    Crucial: It does NOT reset to the beginning of the file, nor does it reset to the position before any readLine() calls if mark() was set later. It only goes back to the marked position.

markSupported():

    A method (inherited from Reader) that checks if the stream supports mark() and reset(). BufferedReader does support it.



With modular JDK it is possible to assemble and optimize a set of modules and their dependencies into a custom runtime image.