
adding primitive in collection: it autoboxs it then push it




public String[] split(String regex)

public String[] split(String regex, int limit):


By default, trailing empty strings are omitted unless a negative limit is specified. (only of boundaries)




It will throw an exception when run if there is at least 1 record in the table.
The numbering of columns in a ResultSet starts with 1. Therefore, rs.getString(0) will cause an SQLException.




bifunction return same type


calling inner class
Outsider.Insider in = os.new Insider();



Note that Set.of throws an IllegalArgumentException if the input contains duplicate values and both List.of and Set.of throw a NullPointerException if the input contains a null value.


List.of/Set.of methods that return an unmodifiable list/set containing an arbitrary number of elements.
Once the elements have been added to map, it doesn't matter what you do with the data structures you used to fill the map because this map is not dependent  on (in other words, not backed by) those structures.



in clone ->

Thus, sa1 == sa2 will be false, but sa1[0] == sa2[0] will be true.




same file object cant use for traverse between directories, and File object are immutable cant create change it to File object to repreject different file/directory





public class Counter<T>{  //1
    T t;
    public <T> int count(T[] ta, T t){  //2
        this.t = t;  //3
        int count = 0;
        for(T x : ta){
            count = x == t ? count+1 : count; //4
        }
        return count;
    }
}

note //1 and //2 if else is different
so //3 gives error due to this




public class Counter<T> {  //1
    T t;
    public int count(T[] ta, T t) {  //2
        this.t = t;  //3
        int count = 0;
        for (T x : ta) {
            count = x == t ? count + 1 : count; //4
        }
        return count;
    }
} 
now no error




interface I1{   void m1() throws IOException;}
interface I2{   void m1() throws SQLException;}
public class TestClass implements I1, I2
{p
   public static void main(String args[])  throws Exception
   {
     TestClass tc = new TestClass();
     I1 i1 = (I1) tc; //This is valid.
     i1.m1();

     I2 i2 = (I2) tc; //This is valid too.
     i2.m1();

   }
   public void m1()
   {
     System.out.println("Hi there");
   }
}

or if parent and child in exception then subclass child can taken


works

ava 'reuses' all the wrapper objects whose values fall in the following ranges:

All Boolean values (true and false)
All Byte values
All Character values from \u0000 to \u007f (i.e. 0 to 127 in decimal)
All Short and Integer values from -128 to 127
So ==  will always return true when their primitive values are the same and belong to the above list of values. 




Integer.parseInt("1_00") will throw a NumberFormatException.


double average = nums.mapToObj(i->i).collect(Collectors.averagingInt(i->i));


