

To update an existing row:

1. First, go to the row you want to update. You can either iterate through a ResultSet to reach a particular row or just call rs.absolute(int rowNumber).
2. Now update the columns of the ResultSet with required values using rs.updateXXX(columnNumber, value) or rs.updateXXX(columnName, value) methods.
3. Call rs.updateRow(); If you call rs.refreshRow() without calling updateRow(), the updates will be lost.



To insert a new Row:
1. Call rs.moveToInsertRow(); first. You can't insert a row without calling this method first.
2. Use rs.updateXXX methods to update all column values. You must set values for all the columns.
3. Call rs.insertRow();
4. Call rs.moveToCurrentRow(); to go back to the row where you were before calling moveToInsertRow.



like rs.updateString(1, "111");
rs.updateString(2, "Java in 24 hours");





1. An OffsetDateTime object just keeps the offset value that it is created with. It has no notion of a zone and so it cannot apply any logic for Daylight Savings Time. ZonedDateTime adds the functionality of Day light savings on top of OffsetDateTime by keeping zone data and so it can shift the time back and forth as per the Daylight Savings Time.


2. The Duration.between method computes the duration between two temporal objects. If the objects are of different types, then the duration is calculated based on the type of the first object. For example, in this case, since the first argument is an OffsetDateTime then the second argument will be converted to a OffsetDateTime. It is possible to convert a ZonedDateTime into an OffsetDateTime and to do that, the zone information is removed. The reverse is also possible. (But if you try to do Duration.between(nyOdt, localDateTime);, it will throw java.time.DateTimeException: Unable to obtain ZonedDateTime from TemporalAccessor, at run time because LocalDateTime doesn't have offset and it can't be converted into an OffsetDateTime.)




 Funtion.identity() returns a Function that returns the same String as was given in the inpu

 usage: Collectors.groupingBy(Function.identity())


  String global = "111";
    
    public int parse(String arg){
        int value = 0;
        try{
            String global = arg;            
            value = Integer.parseInt(global);
        }
        catch(Exception e){
            System.out.println(e.getClass());
        }
        System.out.print(global+" "+value+" ");
        return value;
    }
this is valid





 DirectoryStream<Path> ds = Files.newDirectoryStream(dir, "*.{gif,jpeg}");
String representation of the path is matched using a limited pattern language that resembles regular expressions but with a simpler syntax.

For example:
*.java : Matches a path that represents a file name ending in .java
*.* : Matches file names containing a dot
*.{java,class} : Matches file names ending with .java or .class
foo.? : Matches file names starting with foo. and a single character extension

/home/*/* : Matches /home/gus/data on UNIX platforms
/home/**  : Matches /home/gus and /home/gus/data on UNIX platforms
C:\\* : Matches C:\foo and C:\bar on the Windows platform (note that the backslash is escaped; as a string literal in the Java Language the pattern would be "C:\\\\*")

The following rules are used to interpret glob patterns:

The * character matches zero or more characters of a name component without crossing directory boundaries.
The ** characters matches zero or more characters crossing directory boundaries.
The ? character matches exactly one character of a name component.

The backslash character (\) is used to escape characters that would otherwise be interpreted as special characters. The expression \\ matches a single backslash and "\{" matches a left brace for example.

The [ ] characters are a bracket expression that match a single character of a name component out of a set of characters. For example, [abc] matches "a", "b", or "c". The hyphen (-) may be used to specify a range so [a-z] specifies a range that matches from "a" to "z" (inclusive). These forms can be mixed so [abce-g] matches "a", "b", "c", "e", "f" or "g". If the character after the [ is a ! then it is used for negation so [!a-c] matches any character except "a", "b", or "c".
Within a bracket expression the *, ? and \ characters match themselves. The (-) character matches itself if it is the first character within the brackets, or the first character after the ! if negating.


The { } characters are a group of subpatterns, where the group matches if any subpattern in the group matches. The "," character is used to separate the subpatterns. Groups cannot be nested.

Leading period/dot characters in file name are treated as regular characters in match operations. For example, the "*" glob pattern matches file name ".login". The Files.isHidden method may be used to test whether a file is considered hidden.

All other characters match themselves in an implementation dependent manner. This includes characters representing any name-separators.

The matching of root components is highly implementation-dependent and is not specified.



writeUTF, writeByte and readUTF, readByte  are method of    DataOutputStream & DataInputStream


while (c < 8){
       JILL: System.out.println(c);
       if (c > 3) break JILL; else c++;
       }

    It will not compile due to  would be valid only when it is within the block of code under the scope of the label JIL
    