

FileReader(String fileName)
FileReader(File file)
FileReader(FileDescriptor fd)


FileReader(Path p)  invalid


Files.lines(Path p) return Stream
Files.lines(String str) invalid



.bs-tooltip-bottomist


no method like .groupBy exist



l.parallelStream().peek(System.out::print).forEachOrdered(System.out::print);
The characters printed by peek may be in any order but the characters printed by forEachOrdered will always be in the same order as the original list 





remember no of queries include noth update+select+etc
and value of result set is on that movement , not latest, when getten





interface Bar{
    void bar();
}

abstract class FooBase{
   
  public static void bar(){
     System.out.println("In static bar");  
  }    
}

it wont compile



module-path only named and automatic modul


can put jars "on" module-path and/or classpath. 

. Classes belonging to any jar that you put on the classpath become part of the "unnamed module". These classes/packages are not on the module-path and so, classes from the named modules cannot access such classes/packages.


All other jars (i.e. named module jars and automatic module jars) are put on the module-path.

. Technically, automatic modules are also named modules but their names are derived automatically using the file names of the jar in which they are packaged. Classes in automatic modules CAN access all classes/packages in the unnamed module.



synchronized  int c = 1;
// error, cant used with variable 


 of & copyOf method not support null gives NPE s specific to the immutable collection factory methods (List.of(), Set.of(), Map.of(), List.copyOf(), Set.copyOf(), Map.copyOf())


 closeable extend autoCloseable
  and autoCloseable close method throw Exception (in general)
  closeable close throw  IO exception


and resoucres in closeable must final or effectively final


Multiple modules that provide the given service may be present on the module path



even lambda uses effectivley final or final (of outside )



NavigableSet<E> subSet(E fromElement, boolean fromInclusive, E toElement, boolean toInclusive) 

 The returned subset is backed by the original set. So if you insert or remove an element from the subset, the same will be reflected on the original set.

 Further, since the subset is created using a range (fromElement to toElement), the element that you are inserting must fall within that range. Otherwise an IllegalArgumentException is thrown with a message "key out of range.". T





 addFirst  or push(e) or offerFirst 
 addLast or add 
pop() or  removeFirst() or pollFirst or remove
peek() or peekFirst()

 Notice that there is no pushFirst(e) and pushLast(e).