    ps.setObject(1, 1, JDBCType.INTEGER);
    ps.setObject(2, "Ally A", JDBCType.VARCHAR);
    ps.setObject(3, "101 main str", JDBCType.VARCHAR);
    System.out.println(ps.executeUpdate()); //1
    ps.setObject(1, 2, JDBCType.INTEGER);
    ps.setObject(2, "Bob B", JDBCType.VARCHAR);
    System.out.println(ps.executeUpdate()); //2

here 2nd time the value will same as 1st , 101 main str




Remember that jdeps needs the path to the file that you want to inspect. moduleA\test.A is not the path to the file A.class.
out\moduleA\test\A.class or c:\test\java\out\moduleB.jar are the kind of paths that can be used for jdeps tool.
	

Stream.parallel() / parallelStream()

    Purpose: Enables the stream pipeline to execute concurrently.

    Execution Model: The JVM (typically via ForkJoinPool.commonPool()) can split the source data into multiple segments. Operations on these segments are performed in parallel, and results are finally combined.

    Non-Deterministic Order: The order in which elements are processed by different threads is not guaranteed. Do not rely on sequential order for side effects unless specific synchronization is used (which defeats much of the purpose of parallel streams).



runnable can passed as argument creating Thread , callable cant






public class DataObjectWrapper
{
   private final Object obj;

   public DataObjectWrapper(Object pObj){ obj = pObj; }

   public Object getObject() { return obj; }
}


this class object are thread safe as doing nothing , but objects in this class are not thread safe

1
4,
5,
6,



LocalDate ld2 = ld.plus(Period.ofMonths(1).ofDays(1));
it will increase of only 1 day

public static Period of(int years, int months, int days)

LocalDate ld2 = ld.plus(Period.of(0, 1, 1));